---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My BrowserHistory WOD Experience
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-25
labels:
  - WODS
  - Learning
---
Browser History 1
  That start of this WOD was pretty difficult. Forgetting the some of the things we learned in class, put me in a state of confusion for a bit. The first time I was doing it, I tried to the best of my abilities, but I got to a certain part of the WOD and I was just completely lost. It took me about 30 minutes to complete. The second and third try I had looked at the video while I was trying to complete it, it helped me quite a bit and I realized my carless mistakes (forgetting to add paragraph tags or misplacing paragraph tags). Once I had done it my fourth time around, I had understood the instructions and was able to do it a bit more easily compared to the last 3 trys, I had completed the WOD at around 16mins
  
Browser History 2
  This WOD had me stumped for a while to be honest. I did not remember how to add fonts or even where to find it. I had to resort to watching the video for this one. The first three tries I would always get stuck on the style.css section. I would constantly forget how to exactly type out what was needed in the body. It fustrated me for a while, I would sit there and just stare at my screen thinking, some of the things would come back to me, but I would always have to restart. After my fourth try I had remembered what was needed in the body for the .css file. I was still under DNF time though. On my fifth try I had finally gotten it at SD time at around 18 mins. 
  
Browser History 3
  This WOD gave me the similar experience just as the second WOD did. There was a lot of coding that had to be done within CSS, I was not prepared for it to be honest. I had to watch the screencast constantly, trying to make sure that I had properly typed out what was intended. On my fifth try I just just barely got the SD time with 19 mins.
  
Reflection
  What I have learned from doing these WODS is that, I genuinely should study the material more. I was having a hard time because I did not retain the material that we were taught. I believe what I should do is review the material before doing the WODS. It will not only refresh my mind, but I would be able to compelete the WODS quicker andhopefully get it under either AV time or Rx time.
