---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Preparing for WODs
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-14
labels:
  - WODS
  - Learning
---
The WOD that I had completed was Invoice1, we are using what we learned about eexpressions and operators from the screencast, readings, and lab to properly code this WOD. Invoice1 is about create a sales  recipt that includes the five different products that were given to us. Additionally, we learning how to code properly in which we do not hard code the values we want inputted but code it in whichthe variable values can be changed to different numbers. 
<a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html">For further information</a>

My experience with working with Invoice1 was quite interesting, I had a difficulty at the beginning to be honest. I did not trust myself in which I was writing the code properly so I would constantly refer to the screencast to reassure myself if I did something incorrectly. I would like to say though that what worked well for me was that after re-trying the WOD multiple times, I had found myself having fun and really enjoying writing what needed to be written within the script. Besides me having to look back at the screencast every so often, what I struggled with was near the end, when I had to create the script for the subtotal, tax, and total. For the life of me I could not get the document to write the tax and total. The subtotal would be written and I would copy and paste the code and change the it from saying subtotal to tax and so on so forth. While writing this I had realized there was an error in my code I had written tofixed instead of toFixed, not capitalizing the f in fixed cause me to have an error in my code. 

My preparation for the WOD was a bit better compared to what I did when I had written my first blog, I skimemd through WOD and practiced writting the WOD without timing myself. I would refer to the screencast whenever I got stuck and tried to keep coding without depending on the screencast. What I did do similarly to the other WODs is that I would talk to myself even before recording to see if I knew how and where the coding would be written.

What I could have done to be better prepared for this is probably do the WOD on the same day or the dy after I had finished the lab so the information that I had learned is still fresh in my mind, when I had done the WOD a couple days after I realized I had to review a bit more than I would have if I had completed the WOD day after I completed the lab or the day of. Something I would like to try differently is maybe isntead of trying to review by looking at my lab code I should review using the websites that Professor Port had given us or search for more articles to better my understanding of what exactly I am supposed to be coding.
